Slew of minor doc fixes (#20860)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/dev_manual/test_suite.rst

If it does, an error message is reported informing the user to use the ``fbarchive`` target instead.

The ``fbarchive`` target is a fall-back if the ``archive`` target fails.

> It uses CMake's `run a command line tool <https://cmake.org/cmake/help/v3.23/manual/cmake.1.html#run-a-command line-tool>`_ feature to run ``cmake -E tar cvfJ`` but may not compress the resultant archive as well.

Reviewer: The second change here to the URL should be reverted.

Using VisIt_'s test routines in other applications
--------------------------------------------------
VisIt_'s testing infrastructure can also be used from any VisIt_ installation by other applications that want to write their own Visit-based tests.

> For more details about this, see: Leveraging VisIt in Sim Code Regression Testing.

Reviewer 2: Should we remove this if the link is no longer valid?

Diagnosing pluginVsInstall failures
-----------------------------------

> pluginsVsInstall test output is generated in the ``current/plug-ins`` subdirectory of the test results location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pluginsVsInstall test output is generated in the ``current/plugins`` subdirectory of the test results location.
```

Another path changed due to spell check

..
.. If VisIt_ complains about an empty window, you do *not* have a Mesa stub issue and you *can* run regression tests.  If it complain about Mesa stubs, then you *do* have the issue and you *can't* run regression tests.
..

> .. === PIL on macOS X ===

Reviewer: see my prior comment about mac OS

Author: Re...all the macOS comments...Apple’s official name for the operating system is `macOS`

Author: Likewise I guess for `iOS`, `iPadOS`, `watchOS`, etc.
